a blender is a powerful
motor with a variable speed
it also has a jug and a lid with a pressure
release on it and the blades are fixed inside
the jug they connect to the motor and
power through ice frozen goods or solids
it's recommended that you plug the
power in and test prior to filling
to use the blender add ingredients
and you'll notice that there are
measurement markings on the side of the jug
place the lid on top and if necessary release
the pressure valve then turn on the power
this is ideal for purine vinaigrettes soups
vegetable purees and especially for bar service
when making mixed drinks daiquiris or fruit
smoothies i'll take one peach smoothie please
once empty you can wash the blender jug
by adding a small amount of soapy water
and engaging the motor this will
thoroughly scrub the blades and jug
and you simply empty and rinse
thoroughly before drying and packing away
you